what do long nights up studying parties
that run late and general stress have in
common they all give you unsightly bags
under your eyes unfortunately life
doesn't stop for them so if you're
pressed for time here are some quick
tricks you can use to get rid of
puffiness and dark circles around your
eyes one use a cold spoon whether it's
puffiness dark circles or wrinkles
you're dealing with placing cold
materials on your skin can make a world
of difference that's because the cold
reduces inflammation by constricting
blood vessels and tightening the skin a
great gentle way to apply something cold
to your face is with something you find
in pretty much anyone's kitchen a spoon
using a cold spoon is a little less
harsh than using actual ice on your face
which is why it's an ideal tool for
reducing puffiness here's how you can do
it yourself dip a spoon in water it
doesn't matter what temperature and pop
it into your freezer after at least 15
minutes take the spoon out and place it
on top of your closed eyes you can
switch on and off from putting the spoon
face up onto your eye and with the
backside on your eye back do this for as
long as it takes to warm up the spoon
which should only be a minute or so you
can also keep your I cream in the fridge
for the same cooling and deep puffing
effect and if you decide to go with an
ice cube just be sure that you don't put
it directly on your skin wrap it in a
cloth or paper towel it'll act as a
barrier to protect your gentle eye
region from the freezing cold
temperature to make your own face masks
how do you like your eggs scrambled over
easy poached around your eyes wait come
again that's right
eggs are achieved an easy way to give
yourself a much needed facial egg whites
are chock full of protein vitamin B and
vitamin E which makes them a great
ingredient for a deep puffing eye mask
that's because protein is known to have
skin tightening effects just put raw egg
white on your eye bags and let it dry as
its drying you'll instantly feel it
pulling your skin together
when it's done working its magic rinse
it off and you're good to go another
ingredient you can find in your kitchen
that can help combat wrinkles is olive
oil sure this stuff is great when
drizzled on a salad or on ready to roast
Brussels sprouts but it's also perfect
for using on your face to improve your
skin's appearance using your ring
fingers simply massage a couple drops of
the stuff onto your under eye area don't
use too much and don't let it get in
your eyes the olive oil trick isn't as
quick as using something cold or egg
whites you'll need to do it a few times
a week to see results but olive oil does
leave your skin supple moisturized and
healthier looking which in turn makes
wrinkles less noticeable of course you
can always try the following techniques
to prevent eye bags dark circles and
wrinkles from appearing in the first
place 3 change your habits puffy eyes
can be caused by a number of things many
of which are connected to your daily
habits so for one you can try lowering
your salt intake while throwing a pinch
of salt over your food can often save a
drab meal the extra sodium makes your
body retain more excess fluid all that
extra fluid can show up not only around
your waist but also in your face and
around your eyes
in fact just having one big salty dinner
can result in puffy eyes the whole next
day try spicing up your meals with a bit
of lemon juice instead it'll give you
the extra flavor without all that sodium
another thing you can do in your day to
day routine to reduce under-eye
puffiness is switching up your sleeping
position I know it sounds bizarre and
totally disconnected but it really can
help if you tend to sleep on your belly
or your side you've probably noticed
that your face looks puffy or in the
morning that's because in these
positions fluid can collect under your
eyes more easily using an extra pillow
to prop yourself up when you sleep can
make a world of a difference and try as
best you can to sleep on your back
this will allow gravity to work for you
by pulling excess liquid down and away
from your face lastly when it comes to
your daily habits make
you're fully taking off your makeup
before bed if you go to sleep with
eyeliner and shadow on it could very
well be irritating your eyes causing you
guessed it redness and puffiness you see
as you sleep your eyes produce a lot of
water to flush out foreign bodies you
know like makeup this fluid buildup can
make your eyes super puffy so make sure
to completely wash off your makeup
before bed plus you know there are a
million reasons why you should never
ever sleep in your makeup it can give
you acne eye infections stained
pillowcases take your pick
yeah I think I'll pass for use a neti
pot if you have allergies a lot of mucus
and nasty debris can collect in your
sinuses which can cause dark circles and
bags under your eyes if you find that
you're constantly struggling with this
or it flares up during certain seasons
your allergies might be to blame a neti
pot is a great device for flushing out
your sinuses especially for allergy
sufferers if you've never used one
before it can be a little intimidating
but once you get the hang of it it's a
really easy thing to do every day at
home here's how you use one first and
foremost make sure the pot is clean and
sanitary this is super important since
you don't want to be sending a bunch of
bacteria right into your nasal cavity
after you've checked that fill the pot
up with a saline solution you can find
it at most drugstores you can also make
your own saltwater solution by mixing
half a teaspoon of salt with a cup of
hot distilled water do not use tap water
it can harbor bacteria once the salt is
completely dissolved wait for the water
to become lukewarm as this is most
pleasant for your sinuses
now lean over a sink and slowly pour the
water out the spout of the pot into one
nostril you'll quickly see that this
pushes right out the other nostril
gross but kind of cool once you rinse
one side sufficiently do it on the
opposite side
when you're done rinse your pot with
sterile water and leave it out to dry
doing this regularly as needed can
really help clear your sinuses and
reduce the appearance of dark circles
around your eyes five exercises for fine
lines even if you're in your 20s or 30s
you may have noticed sneaky little
wrinkles making a home in the corners of
your eyes they are pretty annoying but
crow's feet are actually totally normal
they show up simply because you well use
your face you laughs smile squint your
eyes on a sunny day but don't worry
preventing these lines from forming
doesn't involve turning off your
emotions and walking around with a stoic
face you can just tighten the muscles
around your eyes with the help of facial
exercises first always wash your hands
before touching your face then take your
thumbs and place them on the outside
corner of each eye put the rest of your
fingers on top of your head now close
your eyes and squeeze them tightly as
you're doing this pull the skin away
from the eye with your thumbs in a
slight upward motion hold this for five
to ten seconds and relax
do this exercise ten to twenty times or
as much as you're comfortable with if
you repeat it a few times a week you'll
start to notice a difference sooner than
you think
what are your go-to remedies for
removing puffiness and dark circles
around your eyes leave them in the
comments below if you learned something
helpful in this video then give it a
like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]
you